README.md, before:

# Fit For Work

![Fit For Work logo](assets/images/ffw-logo-transparent.jpg)

[View the live project here.](https://axel713.github.io/fit-for-work/)

Fit For Work I/S offers onsite massage and other well-being therapies to companies in Denmark. This project aims to offer to Fit For Work I/S a visual upgrade to their current website, judged to be lacking in attractivity.

The overall goal is to promote how Fit For Work I/S can help to benefit corporate clients by offering their services to their workforce.

This project was developed in cooperation with the company owners, to gain their input in terms of necessary and future feaatures, as well as design style.

## Content

- [UX](#UX)
  - [User Goals](#User-Goals)
  - [User Stories](#User-Stories)
  - [Site Owner Goals](#Site-Owner-Goals)
  - [User Requirements and Expectations](#User-Requirements-and-Expectations)
  - [Wireframes](#Wireframes)
  - [Other-Design-Documents](#Other-Design-Documents)
  - [Design Choices](#Design-Choices)
    - [Colours](#Colours)
    - [Fonts](#Fonts)
    - [Wireframes](#Wireframes)

## UX

User profiles are very varied. Whilst they are majorly danish, variations in culture, background, age range and corporate level make it difficult to pinpoint a/some specific groups. Nonetheless, to fit the current scandinavic design trends and the owner's wishes, the new UX must be:

- with a simple and clear layout.
- with a colour theme reflecting professionalism and a "clinical" flavour.

### User Goals

- **Know why** is onsite massage good for my company.
- **Find out** if Fit For Work I/S can fulfill my massage requirements.
- **Know if** Fit For Work I/S helps with administration.
- **Book** a trial session to try Fit For Work I/S's services out.
- **Contact** the site owner.
- **Know how** does Fit For Work I/S handle the Covid-19 situation.
- **Look at** Fit For Work I/S's social media.
- **Access** Fit For Work I/S's booking system.
- **Look at** reviews of Fit For Work I/S.

### User Stories

- As a user type, I want to find out why is onsite massage good for my company.
- As a user, I want to find out how can Fit For Work fulfill my own site massage requirements.
- As a user, I want to find out how can Fit For Work make administration of their services easy for me.
- As a user, I want to be able to try the services provided.
- As a user I want to be able to contact Fit for Work I/S.
- As a user, I want to know how does Fit For Work handle the Covid-19 situation.
- As a user, I want to be able to check their social media page.
- As a user, I want a link to Fit For Work booking system.
- As a user, I want to see feedback from other companies using Fit For Work's services.

### Site Owner Goals

- As a site owner, I want to inform potential clients about onsite massage benefits.
- As a site owner, I want people to know what actions we take in regards to Covid-19.
- As a site owner, I want prospective customers to easily book a massage trial.
- As a site owner, I want my exisiting customers to have a quick access to out booking system.
- As a site owner, I want users to know how we can help them (onsite massage and easy administration).
- As a site owner, I want users to easily contact me.
- As a site owner, I want users to have a link to our social media page.

### User Requirements and Expectations

1. The site must have a navigation bar
1. The site must have a clear and obvious access to information on how we work in regards to Covid-19.
1. The site must include a describition of our services.
1. The site must allow for exisiting and potential customers to easily contact us.
1. The site must include a link to our booking system.
1. The site must include a contact form that collects user details when booking a massage trial.
1. The site must include our contact details.
1. The site must include a link to our social media page.
1. The site must be designed in a visually apppealing manner and easy to read.

### Design Choices

The site must be pleasant to the eye whilst using effective colour contrasts to allow objects and sections to stand out from one another. Navigation text and call for action buttons must be large enough to people with dimming vision to browse the site with ease.

#### Colours

#### Fonts

#### Wireframes

### Other Design Documents

_Link pdf files_

### Design Choices

#### Wireframes

_Link pdf files_

#### Fonts

#### Colours

## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

### Existing Features

- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement

- Another feature idea

## Technologies Used

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
  - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.

## Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
   1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
   2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
   3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
   4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:

- Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
- Different configuration files?
- Separate git branch?

In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.

## Credits

### Content

- The text for section Y was copied from the [Wikipedia article Z](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z)

### Media

- The photos used in this site were obtained from ...

### Acknowledgements

- I received inspiration for this project from X

Commit message:

In README file, added content to Colours.

README.md, after:

# Fit For Work

![Fit For Work logo](assets/images/ffw-logo-transparent.jpg)

[View the live project here.](https://axel713.github.io/fit-for-work/)

Fit For Work I/S offers onsite massage and other well-being therapies to companies in Denmark. This project aims to offer to Fit For Work I/S a visual upgrade to their current website, judged to be lacking in attractivity.

The overall goal is to promote how Fit For Work I/S can help to benefit corporate clients by offering their services to their workforce.

This project was developed in cooperation with the company owners, to gain their input in terms of necessary and future feaatures, as well as design style.

## Content

- [UX](#UX)
  - [User Goals](#User-Goals)
  - [User Stories](#User-Stories)
  - [Site Owner Goals](#Site-Owner-Goals)
  - [User Requirements and Expectations](#User-Requirements-and-Expectations)
  - [Wireframes](#Wireframes)
  - [Other-Design-Documents](#Other-Design-Documents)
  - [Design Choices](#Design-Choices)
    - [Colours](#Colours)
    - [Fonts](#Fonts)
    - [Wireframes](#Wireframes)

## UX

User profiles are very varied. Whilst they are majorly danish, variations in culture, background, age range and corporate level make it difficult to pinpoint a/some specific groups. Nonetheless, to fit the current scandinavic design trends and the owner's wishes, the new UX must be:

- with a simple and clear layout.
- with a colour theme reflecting professionalism and a "clinical" flavour.

### User Goals

- **Know why** is onsite massage good for my company.
- **Find out** if Fit For Work I/S can fulfill my massage requirements.
- **Know if** Fit For Work I/S helps with administration.
- **Book** a trial session to try Fit For Work I/S's services out.
- **Contact** the site owner.
- **Know how** does Fit For Work I/S handle the Covid-19 situation.
- **Look at** Fit For Work I/S's social media.
- **Access** Fit For Work I/S's booking system.
- **Look at** reviews of Fit For Work I/S.

### User Stories

- As a user type, I want to find out why is onsite massage good for my company.
- As a user, I want to find out how can Fit For Work fulfill my own site massage requirements.
- As a user, I want to find out how can Fit For Work make administration of their services easy for me.
- As a user, I want to be able to try the services provided.
- As a user I want to be able to contact Fit for Work I/S.
- As a user, I want to know how does Fit For Work handle the Covid-19 situation.
- As a user, I want to be able to check their social media page.
- As a user, I want a link to Fit For Work booking system.
- As a user, I want to see feedback from other companies using Fit For Work's services.

### Site Owner Goals

- As a site owner, I want to inform potential clients about onsite massage benefits.
- As a site owner, I want people to know what actions we take in regards to Covid-19.
- As a site owner, I want prospective customers to easily book a massage trial.
- As a site owner, I want my exisiting customers to have a quick access to out booking system.
- As a site owner, I want users to know how we can help them (onsite massage and easy administration).
- As a site owner, I want users to easily contact me.
- As a site owner, I want users to have a link to our social media page.

### User Requirements and Expectations

1. The site must have a navigation bar
1. The site must have a clear and obvious access to information on how we work in regards to Covid-19.
1. The site must include a describition of our services.
1. The site must allow for exisiting and potential customers to easily contact us.
1. The site must include a link to our booking system.
1. The site must include a contact form that collects user details when booking a massage trial.
1. The site must include our contact details.
1. The site must include a link to our social media page.
1. The site must be designed in a visually apppealing manner and easy to read.

### Design Choices

The site must be pleasant to the eye whilst using effective colour contrasts to allow objects and sections to stand out from one another. Navigation text and call for action buttons must be large enough to people with dimming vision to browse the site with ease.

#### Colours

The selection of colour is made to include Fit For Work Green logo section proeminent. To make the content easy and pleasant to read, a dedicated white (with gray notes) and black (lighter than standard) has been selected.
![Colour palette](design-tools/colour-palette/ffw-colour-palette.png)

- Green #007E2F is used for navigation (navigation bar and buttons) and header purposes.
- Orange #F44B2A is used for:
  - navigation bar (current page)
  - image border colour (for images used in a page's content)
  - Name of companies in testimonials
  - "Covid-19 Safety" and "Book Now!" button background
  - Icons: smile, calendar (booking system), phone, mail, file-medical-alt, dumbbell, chart-line, coins, copy, phone-alt, envelope-open-text.
- Black #190B28 is used for text colour.
- White #EDEDF4 is used as pages' background colour.
- Yellow #FFD166 is used for background in callout section (alert bar).

#### Fonts

#### Wireframes

### Other Design Documents

_Link pdf files_

### Design Choices

#### Wireframes

_Link pdf files_

#### Fonts

#### Colours

## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

### Existing Features

- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement

- Another feature idea

## Technologies Used

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
  - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.

## Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
   1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
   2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
   3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
   4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:

- Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
- Different configuration files?
- Separate git branch?

In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.

## Credits

### Content

- The text for section Y was copied from the [Wikipedia article Z](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z)

### Media

- The photos used in this site were obtained from ...

### Acknowledgements

- I received inspiration for this project from X
